the bankers are at it again playing the
game behind the scenes and we are all
still bystanders more and more wealth
has found its way into equities and more
people are getting involved people with
no financial education are pouring their
savings into this many are using margin
to accelerate their gains many have
taken out home equity loans to make
their investments happen the question is
how long can this continue for you came
here for the truth today we are going to
get into several charts that talk about
this particular issue let's begin this
is a two for one and you're seeing on
the left-hand side
Deutsche Bank u.s. recession probability
model so there is a leading instance
that occurs every single time before a
recession every single time and the
orange line here if you can't read that
small font that's the recession it's
occurring every time and guess what it's
happening yet again does it mean that
there will be a recession tomorrow no
absolutely not and in fact every time I
show a chart like this I get the same
comments over and over again I realize
that this doesn't mean that there's
going to be a recession this is the
Deutsche Bank probability model I am NOT
saying this I'm just covering the facts
and you have to make that draw that
inference that's you you do that I
present the facts I present the charts I
present the government documents I
present the mainstream media news I
present the alternative news and I just
bring it to you and you can do what you
want with it the chart on the right hand
side essentially shows the yield curve
with the recession shading here and
you'll notice the same thing every
single time before the recession we see
this occurring it's happening now we are
on that same decline get ready for this
okay that's all I'm saying I don't know
what's going to happen but it just shows
that we are taking these steps it's
happening in slow motion I do videos
every day I show you the charts every
day
most people say well you know what
happens is happening it hasn't happened
yet we're in the middle of it look hum
anyway I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
digress welfare spending reaches nearly
1 trillion dollars a year no problem
it's manageable that's what we're told
every single day and the numbers have
definitely been far exceeded I mean
that's a 2011 housing aid food aid other
cash medical care when you look at this
and realize how ridiculous this is right
now the fact that more and more money is
being poured into this type of thing why
if there was prosperity like we're being
told there is we wouldn't have an issue
there wouldn't be this problem that we
have today where these numbers are
escalating at such a rapid rate but no
everything is just fine
ok fine government financial assistance
at record levels you're seeing this I
mean come on Medicare Social Security
unemployment Medicaid air everything
everything is increasing on the right
hand side social benefits as a
percentage of disposable income look at
this social benefits as a percentage of
real disposable income are at the
highest levels on record how many times
you hear that record high record low
record right I use that word so often
and that's because we are going into new
territory uncharted territory in many
respects labor force participation rate
for men ages 25 to 54 by education
attainment surely individuals with their
bachelor's degree in higher have fared
better than other individuals with high
school or less and it's something to
think about for sure
but let's just squeeze all these
together look at that black line here
and notice the trend yes there has been
a slight blip upward not that we haven't
any blips along the way it's happened
before but where is the trend year after
year after year we are seeing this
declined jobs been shipped overseas
robots are now replacing many of these
jobs lower wage workers if not you're
noticing the fact that certain
industries just don't exist anymore and
people don't have any training don't
have any education that they need to get
into some other field these are all
interconnected it's very important
students in 2017 are twice as likely to
spend student loan money on non
education expenses in the class of 2016
in one year people have become twice as
likely to spend the student loan money
are they maxed out on their credit cards
is that why you know how are they ever
gonna pay this back or are some of them
under the assumption that the government
is going to be able to vote I don't know
I don't know why somebody would do this
but you can see look where's the money
going forty-one percent monthly bills
fourteen percent
clothing 12 percent restaurants and 2.5
percent n drugs and alcohol at least
they have their priorities straight here
but monthly bills right why wouldn't
they pay with what's in the bank right I
mean the economy's doing well I'm quite
certain about that I mean everyone's
telling me that everyone's telling me
I'm a liar ridiculing me
crucify me but 41% are using their
student loan money to pay their bills so
what is it what's it gonna be is the
economy doing well I don't know I don't
think so
I think I've shown you the facts but
it's okay everything's just fine
delinquency rates on the rise you can
see that this number here clearly after
that little boost of the financial
crisis all of a sudden things changed
people started watching out a lot of
changes occurred anyway and now
delinquencies yet again on the rise you
know they're showing you at the bottom
here basically the credit cards consumer
loans whatever it's everything it's all
types of debt you know you could see
right here they're tracking each other
they're all going together some more
than others of course but what I would
say is that I talked about this actually
not that long ago all these cash money
payday events type stores that you're
seeing on the sides of the streets and
it tells me something you have like the
whole cash for gold you have different
businesses that are set up around that
at least to me show me on a much deeper
level that people are not doing well
financially that's the way this seems to
me a lot of people don't see like that
they just look at the S&P look at the
Dow Jones and that's it they they have
their answer well that's fine good luck
with that how much a home in the square
footage can buy you for $200,000 in
every state so if you're in the u.s. you
may find this interesting even if you're
not you'll just notice here
the different states around and compare
them I mean DC look at this 400 square
feet but I'm looking at this number of
$200,000 and if you want to know what
two hundredths I'm going based on my
experience $200,000 in Toronto I know
that's not the province of Ontario as a
whole but you get nothing for two
hundred thousand I don't know of
anything that's two hundred thousand
probably in one of the really bad areas
because you for two hundred thousand you
can't get a 400 square feet in Toronto I
don't think it's possible I mean they
would have to be you know some sort of
grow up in there or something I don't
know the way that the prices have gone I
mean some of these places if you can get
for two hundred thousand dollars you can
get a two thousand square foot plus
place I mean that is a huge difference
from some of these other mega cities
that we have and I'm sure that goes for
like Manhattan for example and others
obviously the price is a big difference
when you take the whole state or
province as a whole it's pretty clear
but I just want to show you that I
thought it was interesting you know
doctors for people in the US everyone's
favorite Jamie Dimon ventures beyond
Wall Street to have a say in Washington
what they said was that he's
consistently consistently visiting
Washington and people are thinking or is
he going to get into the whole
government and everything else I think
they're already involved so heavily that
doesn't you know giving an official
position probably isn't even necessary
let's see what happens just wanted to
bring it to you now so in case we have
some sort of announcement in the near
future I could say that you know we saw
this coming that's all for this video if
you
found it informative then please give me
a thumbs up and if you don't like it
give me a thumbs down if you haven't
already it would be great if you join
the sixty six thousand plus subscribers
that this channel has hit that subscribe
button and you will get notified of all
of the videos that i do i do them
basically every single day so you want
to make sure that you're staying on top
of those so i hit the subscribe button
and last but not least if you found this
video informative
i know you'll find my books the money
gps and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book is about the four asset classes and
how to profit from them and the newer
book is about reducing your monthly
expenses becoming self-sufficient and
what i call the money gps strategy so
you could check that out in the links
below and i just want to touch on the
last video that i did a lot of people
are very pissed off about it and i just
wanted to say that that was sarcasm
sarcasm there's more comments on that
video than i think on anything in my
videos i mean based on the amount of
views there's a lot of people talking on
there most of it definitely most of it
is positive it's just for a good laugh
you know i've done about fifteen hundred
videos here on youtube and for the most
part everyone's saying doom and gloom
you're always negative and then i go
ahead and i do a video where i'm just
trying to be a little silly once in a
while i think i've done maybe three
silly videos to prove a point not just a
silly video to be silly there's always a
reason why i'm doing that and in all
those videos i received a very large
amount of thumbs down now i really don't
understand why that would happen if the
point is made it everything was pretty
clear but anyway you can't win that's
all I'm gonna say you can't win you
can't make everybody happy and I don't
intend on trying to make everybody happy
all I'm trying to do here is just
not the information that's all once in a
while it's good to tell a little joke
it's good to crack a smile once in a
while that's the way I see it anyway I
hope you agree with me on that that's
all
take care